c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\PracticeNHibernateMVC.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\PracticeNHibernateMVC.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\obj\Debug\PracticeNHibernateMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\obj\Debug\PracticeNHibernateMVC.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PracticeNHibernateMVC\PracticeNHibernateMVC\obj\Debug\PracticeNHibernateMVC.pdb
